standalone PX4 (#2965)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/releases/main.md

- [Gazebo] The environment variable `PX4_SIM_MODEL` can now be used to indicate the simulation model.
  This supersedes `PX4_GZ_MODEL`, which is now deprecated.
  Added to PX4 in [PX4-Autopilot#22400](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/pull/22400).

> - [Gazebo] Separation of Gazebo and PX4. The two are now separated entirely and should be launched independently. It retains all functionality it previously had and now also supports drag-and-drop via the resource spawner in Gazebo GUI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Gazebo] Separation of Gazebo and PX4 SITL.
  The two are now separated and can be launched independently.
  Gazebo retains all functionality it previously, but now also supports drag-and-drop via the resource spawner in Gazebo GUI.
  Added to PX4 in [PX4-Autopilot#22467](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/pull/22467).
```
